Document %setup and %patch, officially deprecating %patchN (#2352)
rpm-software-management/rpm: docs/manual/spec.md

%prep
%autosetup
```

#### %setup

`%setup [options]`

The primary function of `%setup` is to set up the build directory for the
package, typically unpacking the package's sources but optionally it
can just create the directory. It accepts a number of options:

```
-a N        unpack source N after changing to the build directory
-b N        unpack source N before changing to the build directory
-c          create the build directory (and change to it) before unpacking
-D          do not delete the build directory prior to unpacking (used
            when more than one source is to be unpacked with `-a` or `-b`)
-n DIR      set the name of build directory (default is `%{name}-%{version}`)
-T          skip the default unpacking of the first source (used with
            `-a` or `-b`)
-q          operate quietly
```

#### %patch

`%patch [options] [arguments]`

`%patch` is used to apply patches on top of the just unpacked pristine sources.
Historically it supports multiple strange syntaxes which are nowadays

> deprecated. To apply patch number 1, the main syntaxes are:

Reviewer: I’m curious what the others are :smile:.

Author: See https://github.com/rpm-software-management/rpm/blob/3e8c997a281031b40dd8412d745c8b0e4580c788/build/parsePrep.c#L379 for starters, but it's the combos that really kill: "%patch 1" would try to apply patch number 0 and 1. And so on.

1. `%patch 1` (since rpm >= 4.18)
2. `%patch -P1` (all rpm versions)
3. `%patch1` (deprecated)

For new packages the positional argument form (1) is preferred, for maximal
compatibility use 2. The third form where the number is a part of
the directive is deprecated and should not be used.

> It accepts a number of options. With the exception of `-P`, they are merely
> pass the option down to the `patch` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It accepts a number of options. With the exception of `-P`, they are merely
passed down to the `patch` command.
```
